Trust Domain (#80)
ietf-wg-wimse/draft-ietf-wimse-arch: draft-ietf-wimse-arch.md

* Workload Identity Token

> A token that contains a workload identifier used for service to service authentication. The token is bound to a cryptographic key and requires that the presenter provide proof of possession of the secret key material. This token is further defined in {{?I-D.ietf-wimse-s2s-protocol}}.

Author: ```suggestion
A token that contains a workload identifier used for service to service authentication. The token is bound to a
cryptographic key and requires that the presenter provide proof of possession of the secret key material. This
token is further defined in {{?I-D.ietf-wimse-s2s-protocol}}.
```

* Workload Identity Token

> A token that contains a workload identifier used for service to service authentication. The token is bound to a
> cryptographic key and requires that the presenter provide proof of possession of the secret key material. This
> token is further defined in {{?I-D.ietf-wimse-s2s-protocol}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A token that contains a workload identifier used for service to service authentication. The token is bound to a cryptographic key and requires that the presenter provide proof of possession of the secret key material. This token is further defined in {{?I-D.ietf-wimse-s2s-protocol}}
```

* Trust Domain

> A trust domain is a logical grouping of systems that share a common set of security controls and policies. As described in {{?I-D.ietf-wimse-s2s-protocol}}, trust domains should be identified by a fully qualified domain name belonging to the organization defining the trust domain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A trust domain is a logical grouping of systems that share a common set of security controls and policies. As described in {{?I-D.ietf-wimse-s2s-protocol}}, trust domains should be identified by a fully qualified domain name associated with the organization defining the trust domain.
```

* Workload Identity Token

A token that contains a workload identifier used for service to service authentication. The token is bound to a
cryptographic key and requires that the presenter provide proof of possession of the secret key material. This
token is further defined in {{?I-D.ietf-wimse-s2s-protocol}}.

* Trust Domain

A trust domain is a logical grouping of systems that share a common set of security controls and policies. As described in {{?I-D.ietf-wimse-s2s-protocol}}, trust domains should be identified by a fully qualified domain name belonging to the organization defining the trust domain.

>    

Author: ```suggestion

```
